The above and beyond feature I added to my project was a custom difficulty level, which when selected allows the player to input a max number for them to guess within. For example, if they choose the custom difficulty level and input a value of 87, the game will begin, asking the player to enter a number within the range of 1-87. This feature can be seen in the script.js tab in lines 23-36, 47-49, 54, and 136-138. otherFunc() and hideOther() were the new functions that were made for this feature. When the difficulty of "Other" is selected, the text field for the player to enter in their value for their wanted range was made by the function otherFunc(). On the other hand, when any other difficulty is selected, the text field for the player to enter in their value for their wanted range is hidden by the function hideOther(). The remaining code for this feature was added into the pre-existing functions of play() and reset(). An if statement was added to play() for the range to be changed to the value the player entered when the difficulty of "Other" was selected. reset() was used to remove the additional text field, setting everything back to how it was when the player first opened the website. I also added features to the html on lines 14-15. Line 14 is where the new radio button of "Other" was added with id="o". Line 15 is where the new text field was added with id="test". I believe this above and beyond feature improves the game because having only 3 difficulty levels restricts the player from venturing out to any other ranges. With this feature, the player is able to choose a range that is in between 2 levels if they believe one is too easy and the other is too hard (such as 1-87 which is in between the medium and hard levels). Additionally, they can pick a range that is greater than 100 if they feel up for a good challenge. Overall, this new feature of adding the "Other" option for difficulty allows the player to possibly input a new range each game, making the game more fun and enjoyable with less repetitiveness that could easily make them bored.